add an optional param to bless, naming the executable to bless.
also, blessing doesn't update the C reference anymore...

it looks like we don't use global vars enough to make them truly
indispensable; try getting rid of them. generate the symbol table
specially. this avoids any possible circular-initialization problems,
too.

make dotted pairs impossible

how to do closures:
 * switch to stop-and-copy to handle variable-sized objects gracefully
 * make flat closures, leaving out globals? 
   but linked environments are probably simpler.
 * only handle up to 10 (say) slots in a frame, to not need arithmetic
 * reserve a tag for procedures
 * (probably) use direct jumps for calls to known procedures, for speed

how to do curses:
 * tty-write-char (adds to the display buffer for the next refresh-screen)
 * tty-plant-cursor (on the next refresh, cursor will be placed at current pos)
 * tty-refresh
 * tty-get-key
 * tty-set-up, tty-tear-down (could be implicit if we use them always)
 * tty-key-waiting? (a bit of a frill)
 - expect a fixed terminal size?
 - we need some persistence mechanism for the editor
 - for games and such we also need timeouts

can we deal with circular-initialization problems without too much 
extra complexity?

get rid of the tail? param by inspecting the top of code-stack?

bring back booleans and symbols as disjoint types?
booleans because it's awkward to initialize and use sym_f/sym_t.
  [silly idea: use () and \t instead for false and true.]
symbols because it's error-prone when they're not disjoint.

maybe define a struct with car and cdr fields and delete the car() and
cdr() functions. rename heap_index() to something more concise like at().

see how far you can squeeze the bootstrap interpreter, just for fun.
also, why's it like hundreds of times slower than the compiled compiler?

maybe we could cut down on source lines by adding some kind
of mapping/iterating form. maybe.

and of course we could save a few lines by using C-style
identifiers only. bleah.



DONE:
types: nil, pair, character

simpler syntax for chars: \c

don't bother with dotted pairs, i guess

similarly, a string is just a list of chars, read and printed
specially

a symbol is a string that happens to be in the symbol table, also read
and printed specially

use t and nil, or some such, for booleans.
actually maybe we should include booleans as a disjoint type.
but see how we do with this for now.

  (cond ((eq? proc 'eq?)          (eq? (car args) (cadr args)))
        ((eq? proc 'null?)        (null? (car args)))
        ((eq? proc 'pair?)        (pair? (car args)))
        ((eq? proc 'char?)        (char? (car args)))
        ((eq? proc 'cons)         (cons (car args) (cadr args)))
        ((eq? proc 'car)          (car (car args)))
        ((eq? proc 'cdr)          (cdr (car args)))
        ((eq? proc 'set-car!)     (set-car! (car args) (cadr args)))
        ((eq? proc 'read-char)    (read-char))
        ((eq? proc 'peek-char)    (peek-char))
        ((eq? proc 'write-char)   (write-char (car args)))
        ((eq? proc 'abort)        (abort))  ; actually (error x)

use a unique-tag list for the EOF object (not a disjoint type)
and a global variable naming it

language: like icbins but with global vars, no get-global, and the
above simplifications

simplify it by outputting lines in reverse order
(so the declarations at the top naturally are emitted last;
and we avoid a couple gotos too.)

make read-char/peek-char return () on eof

change evseq to require a nonnull list

switch from (error) back to (abort) as a primitive

give the test driver more smarts about the output:
  - nicer multiline expectations
  - be able to get both non-error output and the terminating error
also, some emacs support for the test driver

require the cdr of a list to be a list -- simplifies code elsewhere

interpreter & devel strategy: like 'Later.text' plans for icbins

primitives left:
        ((eq? proc 'set-cdr!)     (set-cdr! (car args) (cadr args)))
and null? is dispensable

look for other language simplifications since we're abandoning Scheme
compatibility:

(let var expr)
(define (fn var ...) expr ...)

use functional i/o? sort of need multiple-value support of some kind...
and lists of chars are less primitive than read/write-char
so no, i don't think so

make cond default to 'f when running out of clauses. this can save a
line when writing for-eaches (like (cond ((null? xs) 'ok) ). So, that
saves 5 lines net. But I don't really like it. Most of those lines were
for predicates rather than for-eaches, etc. But still, many conds-for-effect
read more nicely without the default clause, so this goes in.

get rid of (snarf) and make the compiler do its own reading as it goes
along? this makes the compiler harder to reuse, though.

simplify the compiler by accumulating def-names and def-exprs in
separate lists? I don't think so...

(express e syms) has different arg order from other functions with syms

write code-emission in this style: (emit "foo;" (emit "bar;" 'ignored)) ?
(to allow back-to-front emission with front-to-back-looking code)
(has an efficiency cost though. kind of ugly in its own way.)

capitalize Obj?
